[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Vegeta announced a return
to his evil ways
with an explosive demonstration
in the World Tournament arena!
It was clear that the Saiyan
Prince was determined
to have his rematch
with Goku at any cost!
Vegeta. Tell me it isn't true.
You let Babidi's spell
take control of you, didn't you?
[VEGETA chuckles]
[GOKU]
No!
[laughs]
If I hadn't gone
to these lengths,
we wouldn't be about to fight.
Babidi!
Move us to someplace
where there is no one around!
I'll give Vegeta the fight
he wants, but not here!
Stand down!
I will not be party
to this foolishness!
If you want to fight him,
you'll have to get through me!
[NARRATOR] In order to prevent
any further destruction,
Goku had no choice but
to agree to Vegeta's terms,
in defiance of the Supreme Kai.
Now he and Gohan
must race to stop Babidi
before the energy
from this epic battle
is absorbed by Majin Buu!
Sorry for the delay.
It's quite all right.
But now the moment has arrived!
I don't want any damage
I take from you
to help Majin Buu
awaken again. Got it?
So I'm gonna hit you hard,
right from the start,
and get this over with.
I'm ready! And this time
you're going to die!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[WARRIORS quaver]
Th--Th--They're here!
We should do something, yeah?
Seems Babidi still has
a few henchmen left.
We don't have time to waste
on these minions.
Let's make this quick.
Yeah.
Now, men! Ready?
[WARRIORS]
Ready!
Huh?
[WARRIORS gasp]
[yell]
[WARRIORS yell]
Yes, nicely done.
[SUPREME KAI]
Babidi's getting cocky.
He is so sure of his victory
that he's inviting us in.
Come, Gohan. Let's show him
how wrong he is.
Right.
[yells]
What's the matter, Kakarot?
I thought that you wanted
to end this quickly!
Yeah, that's the idea.
[VEGETA grunts]
[GOKU groans]
[yells]
Is that all you've got?
[bellows]
[BOTH bellow]
[laughs]
Yes! That's perfect,
Vegeta! Keep it up!
[DABURA]
Hm?
Hmmm-hm!
[footsteps]
[laughs]
Look at it go!
At this rate,
Majin Buu's power gauge
will be fully charged
in the blink of an eye!
[laughs]
Ha!
All that's left now
is to decide what to do
with our friend: Supreme Kai.
Yes, Master. Say the word,
and I will gladly
serve as the instrument
of your revenge.
[laughs]
All in due time.
[BOTH laugh]
[VEGETA grunts, yells]
Huh?
[GOKU yells]
You won't win, Kakarot!
Not this time!
[yells]
[BOTH yell]
[BOTH gasp]
So that's it?
Majin Buu's in there?
Yes. That's right.
This is where he's slumbered
ever since the Wizard Bibidi
was forced to seal away his vile
creation so many years ago.
[GOHAN] Incredible. The power
this thing's putting out--
it's like it just radiates evil!
[BABIDI]
Impressive, isn't it?
So glad you could make it.
[chuckles]
Especially you. Supreme Kai.
We've come here
to stop you for good!
Hm. Like you did my father?
I will not let you
release your monster
back into the world!
Unfortunately, I don't
think you're going to
have any say in the matter.
You see, Dabura here
very much wants to see
Majin Buu face-to-face.
Time is short, Gohan.
Every second we allow them to
stall is another opportunity
for Goku's damage energy
to be absorbed by Majin Buu.
Right!
You take Dabura;
I'll deal with Babidi!
I'm not sure what I expected,
but he's really not making
this easy on me, is he?
[gasps]
Vegeta!
[yells]
[groans]
[chuckles]
So, Kakarot. How does it feel
to be put in your place?
It's not the first time
I've been in a tough spot.
Hm! Stings the pride,
doesn't it?
But still. This pales
compared to the humiliation
you've caused me!
[groans]
[VEGETA]
Rotten clown!
At last, I will pay you back
for every indignity!
Time and time again,
you succeeded where I failed;
left me behind,
chasing your tail in disgrace.
The proud Saiyan Prince
forced to play second
to a low-born commoner like you.
And for that, I will
cut you down, inch by inch,
the way you have
cut down my pride!
[yells]
[VEGETA groans]
[GOKU]
Where are you?
[crack]
[VEGETA]
Here, Kakarot!
[VEGETA laughs]
[GOKU]
Kamehame!
[VEGETA]
Galick...
--[GOKU] Ha!
--[VEGETA] Gun!
[intense music plays]
[laughs]
[SUPREME KAI] This is
our last chance, Gohan.
It's imperative we defeat
these two before Majin Buu
absorbs enough energy to hatch!
Don't hold back.
If Buu is allowed
to achieve his full power,
then the earth
is as good as destroyed!
Got it!
Not so fast!
Let's take this outside.
Any time now,
Buu will reach full power
and come popping out
of his shell.
And I don't know
about you, but I for one
would rather not be trapped
in this cramped little space
with him when he tries
to smash his way out.
Fine. You can transport us
wherever you like, Wizard,
but your magic will not
save you from defeat!
[laughs]
Well. We will see.
[BABIDI, DABURA chuckle]
Papparapapa!
Now then, Dabura.
Can I trust you to handle this
Earthling more convincingly
than you did when you
fought him in Level 3?
Yes, Master. Now that
I've had the chance
to size up his abilities,
I assure you,
he doesn't pose
the slightest threat.
[laughs]
Well, in that case,
consider him all yours.
Feel free to dispose of him
however you'd like.
Perhaps add a new statue
to your collection!
Yes.
[BABIDI] Meanwhile,
the Supreme Kai and I
have our own business to settle.
At last, I can finally
avenge my father.
You remember, don't you?
The way you murdered him
in cold blood?
Yes, I suppose Father
let his guard down.
But I won't be
done in like he was,
especially not by you.
I'd learned from
his shortcomings;
I've made his weaknesses
my strengths!
And of course, I've learned
to hire better help.
[SUPREME KAI]
I just need one clear shot!
But as long as
Dabura is with him,
a direct assault is futile!
[GOHAN]
What's wrong with me?
I shouldn't be
afraid of these guys!
If I don't do something now,
Majin Buu's gonna hatch!
What's holding me back?
[GOKU]
Gohan, you have to get angry.
[GOHAN]
Dad! What is it?
Listen to me, son.
When you make it to Babidi,
I want you to remember
your fight with Cell,
and be sure to get just as angry
as you were that day.
When you're mad, there's no one
in the whole universe
who's stronger than you.
I know you can do this.
[GOHAN] I am trying, Dad.
I'm trying to remember!
But--But the fight with Cell,
that was so long ago.
[GOHAN]
Ka-me-ha-me!
Ha!
[CELL]
No! This can't be!
[yells]
[CELL]
This can't be! I am perfection!
[GOHAN]
Damn it!
I don't have time for this!
Ready or not,
I have to try. Right now!
[laughs]
Good, Kakarot!
Most impressive!
It seems your training
in Otherworld has paid off!
I've learned
a few tricks, sure.
But I guess we could say
the same thing about you!
Heh.
[VEGETA yells]
[yells]
C-Could it be?
But so soon, I...
don't believe it!
[yells]
No! We're too late!
[gasps]
Master Babidi,
what is going on?
It's-- He's full--
He's at full power.
Majin Buu is at full power!
His full power!
[BABIDI]
It's really happening!
Buu is finally
coming back to life!
[laughs intensely]
It's too soon!
How can he be full on
Goku's damage energy alone?
It's impossible!
[BABIDI laughs]
[GOHAN]
No. It's not!
This whole time,
Dad has been fighting
at a level beyond Super Saiyan--
Dad and Vegeta both!
And when two powers
like that collide,
with as much energy
as they're putting out--
the damage has
got to be enormous!
No!
We did it, Dabura!
At last, Master.
I don't believe this!
This is the worst-case-scenario
I was trying to avoid!
How could I have failed
so completely?
[NARRATOR]
Sooner than expected,
Majin Buu is on
the verge of being freed!
But with Goku and Vegeta still
locked in their own battle,
when the monster emerges
will there be
anyone there to stop him?
A new terror awakens,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
This isn't looking too good.
I've still got my hands
full with Vegeta,
and thanks to our fighting,
Majin Buu is already charged
up and ready to hatch!
[SUPREME KAI] This should
have never happened!
I miscalculated at every turn!
It's all my fault!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] Right. Nothing left
to do now but go for broke!